"Since, however, this mystery of Christ's secret union with the devout is by nature incomprehensible,
he shows its figure and image in visible signs best adapted to our small capacity."
-p1361
Might use this quote for the relation between the physical and spiritual.

"And so as we previously stated, from the physical things set forth in the Sacrament
we are led by a sort of analogy to spiritual things."
-p1363

I have a feeling that Calvin is only talking about these things in regard to the
Communion specifically, I'm not sure if he means this for all physical things
that God has commanded...

"When we  see wine set forth as a symbol of blood, we must reflect on the benefits
which wine imparts to the body... These benefits are to nourish, refresh, strengthen,
and gladden"
-p1363
Calvin on wine

A big part of Calvin's discussion of the elements is on the "feeding" of the body
of Christ.

Calvin starts to break things down to ground on p1371
"...the sacred mystery of the Supper consists in two things: physical signs, which,
thrust before our eyes, represent to us, according to our feeble capacity, things
invisible; and spiritual truth, which is at the same time represented and displayed
through the symbols themselves."

Even more:
"When I wish to show the nature of this truth in familiar terms, I usually set down
three things: the signification, the matter that depends upon it, and the power or
effect that follows from both"

This last paragraph is especially helpful in classifying the Nazerite oath.
In the case of communion itself: (p1372)
signification = "The signification is contained in the promises, which are so to
speak, implicit in the sign."
matter = "I call Christ, with His death and resurrection, the matter or substance"
effects = "But by effect I understand redemption, righteousness, sanctification,
and eternal life, and all other benefits that Christ gives us"

Further:
Signification: what is signified by the physical signs -> separation
Matter/substance: what is the essence/participated in -> cleanness
Effect: what proceeds from what is signified and participated in -> holiness

The reason why I chose the essence of the vows to be cleanness is because, like
the example of Christ, cleanness is the method through which the effects are
achieved. For example, Christ redeems us. 

How do this categories apply to the vows?
What is signified by the oath? What is being offered?
what is the substance of the oath?
What are the effects of the oath?

"...the symbol by which the Lord offers us the true eating of the body"
-p1386

The signification is the giving up of wine, cutting hair, not going near a dead
body.

The matter or substance is the "separation to the Lord". This probably has something
to do with being clean when looking at the context and certain verses such as
6:7

The effects have to do with "All the days of his separation he is holy to the Lord."
I think this means different things for different people. Sampson, for example,
had powers that corresponded to what God wanted to use him for, namely killing
philistines.
